It'll probably take you a while to regret coming here.
I wanted to kill them
Whenever I saw them—murderers.
Re-investigate it personally,
[Lee Gilyoung]
The case where Kang Woosung
Was murdered by Lee Gilyoung.
As a murderer's son, how dare you say you respect me?
I loathe you with every fiber of my being because you are Lee Chaeha.
Please listen to me.
Listen to what?
Is there anything else I don't know, Mr. Ju?
No, Mr. Kang Taeseon.
It's not like that.
I asked you.
I asked why you were so obsessed with this case.
What a joke I must've seemed to you.
What sex partner?
What truth?
You lured me in by suggesting Lee Gilyoung's innocence,
So you could toy with my heart, use me, and then trash me aside, right?
The closer I got to you,
The harder it was for me to tell you.
Because I knew it'd ruin our relationship.
Is there even a relationship to ruin?
We were already broken when we met.
Are you really going to be like this?
I can't pick at my wounds
Just because your feelings are hurt.
But you ripped open my wounds.
Let's talk inside...
No!
Lee Chaeha.
I was going to tell you later.
Once the case is solved,
Once your father's proven innocent.
What if he's guilty?
Then what were you planning to do?
Keep secretly laughing at how stupidly oblivious I am, clinging to you?
Or dump me without a word of explanation?
Either way, you'd get your revenge.
Yes,
I thought about revenge,
But I couldn't do anything!
Because you were...
Already miserable enough.
Don't be disappointed.
Thanks to you, I'm now more miserable than ever.
Chaeha, I'm sorry.
I was wrong.
I'm sorry
You had to suffer because of my father.
We don't know for sure yet.
Are you saying this to get under my skin?
No,
I mean it.
I've been wanting to ask for forgiveness on behalf of my father.
I'm sorry I didn't go looking for you, and I'm sorry I didn't recognize you.
Chaeha, look at me.
As long as I'm around you, you'll always be miserable.
Because of my dad—
No—because of Lee Gilyoung, your life's been a living hell.
That applies to you too.
So let's find a way out together.
Let's get out of this hell.
I feel miserable.
Now, just looking at your face
Makes me feel wretched and miserable.
Is this what you want?
Why?
Why are you so obsessed with this case?
The truth. Because I want the truth.
What truth?
To resent you and your father,
I should at least be certain of the truth.
Aren't you curious?
Don't you want the truth?
[Park Siwoo]
[Kim Yoonsik]
[Kwak Seunghwan: because of property division?]
[Kim (Koryoin): drug overdose]
[Found in a small room on the second floor]
[Last abandoned mine in Danhyeon to be converted into a casino...]
[Danhyeon Land construction led by Ohsong: casino, hotel, theme park, resort...]
[First female executive in the casino industry...]
[Promises "transparent management and regional win-win"]
[Danhyeon City "Casino Owner Murdered"; his driver, Lee, a suspect]
[The Prosecutor's Proposal]
[Prosecutor's Office]
[Evidence Room]
[Prosecutor in charge:] [Search]
[Prosecutor in charge: Tak] [Search]
[Prosecutor in charge: Tak Sung] [Search]
[Prosecutor in charge: Tak Sungwoong] [Search]
Mr. Lee!
Are you okay?
I heard you were sick.
I was so worried. Why's your phone off?
Sorry.
Especially when things are so busy...
Let me see.
You have a really high fever.
Here. Porridge, along with some vitamins.
Remember to eat it.
Thank you, Mr. Song.
Just take tomorrow off too and get some rest.
Leave your phone off.
Got it?
I'm off.
-Mr. Song. -Yes?
Um, Mr. Ju...
[Granny Park awl murder case]
[2019 First-Instance Criminal Collegiate Case No. 294019] [Found Guilty]
[Suspect's phone x1, awl x1, bag x1, blood-stained shirt x1]
[General anesthetic, SEVOFLU] [1 box: 5 ml, 4 bottles]
Anesthetics...
[2017 Prosecution Case No. 345781]
[Shim Taehyung (forensic pathologist, National Forensic Service)]
Hello,
I'm Prosecutor Ju Taeseon of Criminal Div. 1, West District Office.
I just sent you a photo.
Can you take a look at it?
It's an anesthetic.
Can a blood test prove a death
Caused by such an anesthetic?
Yes, if the blood test is done within 3 hours of death.
The autopsy was conducted 12 hours after death.
[Oh Jahyeon's husband, Kwak Seunghwan] [Died 16 Oct, 2019]
[Cardiac arrest, no trauma, no drug detected, autopsy done 12 hours after, cremated]
What about 12 hours after death?
12 hours after death by anesthetic?
It can't be detected then.
Under such circumstances, it may be concluded as death by cardiac arrest.
I see. Thank you.
A few days after the anesthetic went missing,
[Oh Jahyeon's husband, Kwak Seunghwan] [Died 16 Oct, 2019]
Oh Jahyeon’s husband died.
[Cardiac arrest, no trauma, no drug detected, autopsy done 12 hours after, cremated]
Three days later,
[Oh Jahyeon's husband, Kwak Seunghwan] [Died 16 Oct, 2019]
Her OB-GYN died.
[Oh Jahyeon's OB-GYN] [Died 19 Oct, 2019]
[Call Records: N/A]
[Messages: N/A]
Darn it.
Mr. Song.
Yes, Mr. Ju.
Did you stay up all night again?
Run forensics on this phone.
Oh, okay.
M-Mr. Ju!
Just leaving a-after tossing me this phone?
Also, I'll inform them.
We'll talk later.
Yeah?
Okay.
As a last resort, my dad
Sent that man abroad.
Russia?
You guys go ahead.
[Happy Child Orphanage] [Social Worker: Hwang Minkyung]
A keepsake...
What are you doing over there?
Hello, I'm Prosecutor Ju Taeseon of the West District Office.
Have you ever taken in a child by the surname of Tak?
[Happy Child Orphanage] [Social Worker: Hwang Minkyung]
Okay. Thank you.
If you find anything, please call me immediately.
If the child was abandoned upon birth,
There wouldn't be any info about their parents.
So, usually, they'd randomly name the child
To register their birth.
Right.
He's one of us
And even a chief prosecutor.
You know everyone's freaking out about it, right?
It's not like Mr. Tak had a good reputation to begin with.
I'm starting to wonder if this is the right thing to do.
What about you? Found anything?
You know how Soyeon was investigating
The corruption scandal of Oh Jahyeon and the casino construction?
I heard the director who tormented Soyeon and drove her to her death...
Bloody hell.
He was Tak Sungwoong's training batchmate.
I think Tak Sungwoong... got him to stop Soyeon.
Just to protect Oh Jahyeon. That rat.
What a scoundrel.
Right, also,
I'm afraid Mr. Lee will face disciplinary action.
What?
Why Mr. Lee?
I heard that Mr. Lee
Is Lee Gilyoung's son.
The laundry company owner you asked me to investigate
Was Mr. Lee's uncle.
Gosh.
His dad's a murderer,
And his uncle's in jail.
Hardly a family that inspires reliability.
Besides, with Tak suspended over a murder case,
Putting someone from Office 512 on leave
Looks better internally.
But
Can Lee Chaeha...
Be trusted?
Yoon Gyuho!
Okay.
Anyway,
I don't think I can help with Mr. Lee.
I'll request an arrest warrant for Tak Sungwoong tomorrow.
Alright.
If this just fizzles out now, even I'll be in danger.
Well, you always go through with things.
This time, you'll finish what you started too, right?
I have to.
Who is it?
Mr. Ju?
[Prosecutor Ju Taeseon]
Chaeha,
Is something wrong?
I heard you're the only one who can convince Mr. Ju.
Listen carefully.
Tell him not to apply for a warrant tomorrow.
Got it?
Answer me if you heard me.
Answer me!
Is it because... of Oh Jahyeon?
Wait...
Turn yourself in.
Turn...
Chaeha!
Chaeha, are you okay?
Lee Chaeha...
He is Lee Gilyoung's son.
He's toying with you, Taeseon.
You're the one who's been toying with me for over a decade.
Don't tell me...
You like him?
Oh.
It's mutual.
Oh Jahyeon was right.
She was right.
-You bastard! -Mr. Ju!
Mr. Ju!
Don't you feel sorry for him?
How are you going to make up for ruining our lives?
Say something, you bastard!
If I'd known this would happen,
I would've just killed both of you back then.
You damn murderer!
-Please! -Someone reported trespassing.
Come with us to the station.
Doesn't it hurt?
Look who's talking.
Step away from the work.
What?
Or transfer to another prosecutor's office.
No, I don't want that.
Why must I...
Since I started this job...
I've only made one mistake. You know what it is?
I didn't expect you to become my weakness.
Do you regret it?
Yeah.
I regret it.
I regret dragging you into this.
When someone messes with you,
I freeze up.
I get so furious, like I'm about to explode.
I don't regret it.
Knowing you, working with you,
And being with you,
I don't regret any of it.
Sooner or later, you'll regret saying this, right?
Lee Chaeha...
I'll go first.
I like you.
I like you a lot.
That's not what I was going to say.
You're right.
You'll be miserable if you're with me.
That's right.
Staying together
Might bring more misery.
I thought making you miserable
Was revenge.
I wanted you to be as miserable—
No—a million times more miserable than me.
That's how it should've been.
But the more miserable you are, the more miserable I am. Why?
Chaeha, I'm sorry.
I was wrong.
I didn't want to fall for you either.
Instead of being happy alone,
I'd rather be miserable with you.
This is my choice.
Kiss me.
This isn't some final goodbye, is it?
You're so perceptive.
That's why I appointed you.
No!
I mean, you can't do this.
Tak Sungwoong
Came to you because
He knew we'd request a warrant for him tomorrow.
You mean someone's leaking the info?
It's either Yoon Gyuho
Or Song Haneul
Who leaks info to Tak Sungwoong.
So, one of them is Tak's son?
Maybe.
Anyway,
Things are about to get really dangerous.
So stay out of it.
I don't want to.
So let's find a way out together.
Let's get out of this hell.
You said you want us to find a way out
Of this hell together.
Then,
Can you make sure you stay close to my side?
Can you keep yourself safe
So I don't regret falling for you?
Yes.
I'm confident.
[The Prosecutor's Proposal]
[In the Next Episode]
The accomplice who dumped the body
Was your and Oh Jahyeon's son.
Mr. Yoon.
Why's your birthday different from Soyeon's?
Remember the glove found near the body of Kim, the Koryoin?
The DNA on it matches
The DNA of your chief prosecutor's son.
Who is it?